ci/README.md, before:

# CI

In addition to [Github Actions](https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp/actions) `llama.cpp` uses a custom CI framework:

https://github.com/ggml-org/ci

It monitors the `master` branch for new commits and runs the
[ci/run.sh](https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp/blob/master/ci/run.sh) script on dedicated cloud instances. This allows us
to execute heavier workloads compared to just using Github Actions. Also with time, the cloud instances will be scaled
to cover various hardware architectures, including GPU and Apple Silicon instances.

Collaborators can optionally trigger the CI run by adding the `ggml-ci` keyword to their commit message.
Only the branches of this repo are monitored for this keyword.

It is a good practice, before publishing changes to execute the full CI locally on your machine:

```bash
mkdir tmp

# CPU-only build
bash ./ci/run.sh ./tmp/results ./tmp/mnt

# with CUDA support
GG_BUILD_CUDA=1 bash ./ci/run.sh ./tmp/results ./tmp/mnt

# with SYCL support
source /opt/intel/oneapi/setvars.sh
GG_BUILD_SYCL=1 bash ./ci/run.sh ./tmp/results ./tmp/mnt
```

Commit message:

refactor: up-to-date llama.cpp
- feat: Qwen3
- feat: ignite (args and ON/OFF)
- TODO: Thinking toggle

ci/README.md, after:

# CI

This CI implements heavy-duty workflows that run on self-hosted runners. Typically the purpose of these workflows is to
cover hardware configurations that are not available from Github-hosted runners and/or require more computational
resource than normally available.

It is a good practice, before publishing changes to execute the full CI locally on your machine. For example:

```bash
mkdir tmp

# CPU-only build
bash ./ci/run.sh ./tmp/results ./tmp/mnt

# with CUDA support
GG_BUILD_CUDA=1 bash ./ci/run.sh ./tmp/results ./tmp/mnt

# with SYCL support
source /opt/intel/oneapi/setvars.sh
GG_BUILD_SYCL=1 bash ./ci/run.sh ./tmp/results ./tmp/mnt

# with MUSA support
GG_BUILD_MUSA=1 bash ./ci/run.sh ./tmp/results ./tmp/mnt

# etc.
```

# Adding self-hosted runners

- Add a self-hosted `ggml-ci` workflow to [[.github/workflows/build.yml]] with an appropriate label
- Request a runner token from `ggml-org` (for example, via a comment in the PR or email)
- Set-up a machine using the received token ([docs](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/how-tos/manage-runners/self-hosted-runners/add-runners))
- Optionally update [ci/run.sh](https://github.com/ggml-org/llama.cpp/blob/master/ci/run.sh) to build and run on the target platform by gating the implementation with a `GG_BUILD_...` env
